(we don't have to do any of these, this is just me spitballing)

(could be easy without real-world objects, but probably not as good in terms of
haptics/presence)
Education: Cooking class

User(s) are in a kitchen environment, so a counter with stove,
oven, pots&pans, other stuff. IRL we could maybe set up a table with
pots&pans and have them be tracked. Give users a recipe and ingredients
and basically have them make food (can time-skip for the oven or long
stove cooking times). Maybe have multiple recipes they could choose from.
Could save progress or results, maybe let them make their own recipes
that get saved? (with restrictions)

It obv would be neat to have actual food there with the table/pots&pans/
whatever else, but not sure how possible that would be. Could be the finished
product or something but idk how well that would work unless we bake
a bunch of cakes or something

-

(could be tough, not sure)
Training: Spacewalk / satellite repair

User is an astronaut in an EVA chair-jetpack-toolbox(?) thing with
little jets that they use to move in space --> could have the IRL
user sit in an actual chair for some haptics. Idea for movement
could be, use the left controller to control pitch/roll/yaw and
right controller for actual movement --> right joystick could
be strafe forward/backwards/left/right and A & B buttons strafe
up/down. User could be required to replace or fix a part of a
satellite - maybe have multiple possible tasks they could choose from,
multiplayer aspect could be recording/saving progress, time, how
good they did, maybe have multiple users/astronauts at once ?

Movement could work by having the astronaut object(s) parented to the
satellite, have the satellite be stationary and the astronaut's
rigidbody doesn't use gravity, so they have to learn to control
themselves in 0 gravity? Whole thing could just be floating in
a space skybox.
^^Can't tell if this would be easy or hard to work with

-

(would probably be absolutely horrible to try and make but I think it could be cool lol)
Education: Particle Physics Simulator

again, this would probably be actually terrible to make since it would
involve legit particle physics so like particle mass, spin, charge, decay times,
color charge, all that nonsense. So unless yall reeaalllyy want to do this,
probably don't take it too seriously lol

User(s) in some environment (could be pretty plain), avatars could be
scientisty like, people in labcoats with crazy hair or something. There is
(or they could pull up?) a big particle standard model diagram where they could
select some elementary particle (like electron or something) and put it in the
world, they can put multiple particles in the world and see how they interact
with each other, so like if they put 2 electrons next to each other they'd
fly away from each other, or they throw some quarks & gluons at each other and 
see if they make protons/neutrons? Could have option to pause/play time, 
time would be super slow, not realtime, we could just mention that.

Could give users the ability to clear the world, save it, save information
from whatever they did, stuff like that. Could also let them smash stuff together to see what happens.
